Document serverless plugin (#28)
DataDog/datadog-lambda-layer-python: README.md

The minor version of the `datadog-lambda` package always match the layer version. E.g., datadog-lambda v0.5.0 matches the content in layer version 5.

### The Serverless Framework

> [The Datadog Serverless Framework Plugin](https://github.com/DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog) should do the trick, if your Lambda function is deployed using the [Serverless Framework](https://serverless.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Datadog Serverless Framework Plugin](https://github.com/DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog) makes it easy to manage the Datadog instrumentation for all of your Lambda functions in one place.
```

> Of course, you can also use the sample `serverless.yml` below as a reference, to manually include the Lambda Layer, enable tracing and set up environment variables for your Lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of the plugin, you can also use the sample `serverless.yml` below as a reference for manually including the Lambda Layer, enable AWS X-Ray tracing, and set up environment variables.
```
